What!
Why did it fail?
It seems that Master Hong's subordinates are not light either.
Even the whole body is injured
I can't clean up when the veterans leave
Master Zhao, please rest assured.
Since I promised you, I will definitely help you.
Then I'll wait for the good news from Master Hong
This Chen Xiaodao found it so quickly
That's something.
You're awake
I'm not dead.
I won't let you die
Who is it that wants to harm us?
Anyway
It's me sorry
Forgive you.
What the hell is going on?
Don't ask
The more you know, the more dangerous
I promise you it won't happen again.
I see.
In fact, you've been pretending to be sloppy
But actually
You've always had a big rock in your heart
I can't breathe.
Xiaodao, since I married you
I will choose to believe in you
No matter what decision you make in the future
I will support you without hesitation
Thanks.